- New Features
	- Ajax list: thumb size is configurable
	- configuration to show/hide EXIF information in descriptions
	- you can target (and therefore hide) each button of the navigation bar on the 
	  single image page using CSS
	- added CSS classes to access date, text to style date, description and text of 
	  an event individually.
	- added toggle for date, image hits, image count, comment count for each menu item
	- added compatibility for IE7 and IE8. You should at least see something now. 
	  Create your own browser specific css 
	  (http://www.webmonkey.com/2010/02/browser-specific_css_hacks/) to make it look 
	  nice with your Joomla Template. Keep in mind that I'll not start testing with IE7 
	  and IE8 but I'll react on the defects you submit. No "not pixel perfect" bugs for 
	  those browsers please. 
	- restricted possible thumb sizes to one of those entries {32, 48, 64, 72, 94, 104, 
	  110, 128, 144, 150, 160, 200, 220, 288, 320, 400, 512, 576, 640, 720, 800, 912, 
	  1024, 1152, 1280, 1440}. Each size is available as a square sized version and 
	  normal sized scaled down version. Doing this will prevent attackers from creating 
	  unlimited thumbs and exceed your web space.
	- Configuration option for the image sharpening
	- Embed ICC profiles. Very useful for all the people with wide gamut displays which 
	  don't like cartoon colors. 
	- instead of setting the width & height for an image we use the right sized 
	  transparent gif now. This will make !important statements in css file unnecessary. 		
	- added support for page heading configuration at a menu item

- Bug fixes
	- tag support: menu item for the event list can define a comma or space separated 
	  list of tags
	- fixed issue with the loading image on very small screens on the single image page
	- fixed encoding issues for event text, file title and file description 
	- fixed enlargement of images which are uploaded smaller than 1440px in the lightbox 
	  and image lists.
	- cleaning the cache is working again. Wrong task was referenced so nothing happened.
	- an event gallery page can now be the default page
